## PROJECT DESCRIPTION:
Venture into a journey with tRip, featuring 4 different modes for your selection. Allow your eyes to open up to a new mind dimension as they feast on these flickering, colourful visuals. The 4 RiDes available are the retro neon particles, prismatic sphere, flickerz and ocean waves. In these modes, try going crazy on your arrow keys for the functions, while toggling through the RiDes with numbers 1 to 4 on your keypads. LET’S GET tRipPy!

## REFLECTION:
I used funky colours, stuck to the retro neon, and flickering visuals in tRip. While doing this project I was experimenting with alot of sketches, creating new ones and trying to combine them together. Ultimately I took abit of details from each sketch that I have created. For example, the orbs, sound responsive function, random colours, were combined into this final sketch. The main aim was to use simple shapes like circles to form up a complex looking sketch. Towards the end I also did not expect to be using WEBGL which gave me even more functions. I think the combination of these 4 sketches will be able to confuse the eyes of the user playing with the sketch. The fast moving visuals and light makes the eyes lose focus, and then refreshing them when the action tones down or changed to the waves sketch. When i was proposing for this assignment i wanted to do the usual EDM club visual where there are repeated shapes and bright colours with fast moving effect. I think it’s good that sometimes we don’t fix to what we planned to do because when we explore or make a mistake we figure out new forms of the idea we have in mind. 4 months back i did not think that i could have this outcome, and host a website with my codes. This was really tough since we didn’t have any coding background, but extremely satisfying when I managed to execute something successfully. Thank you Andi for your guidance in this project. What a ride!
